This project involves creating a comprehensive LearnPack tutorial for teaching `how modules work in Python`, aimed at beginners. The tutorial will be structured as a series of directories, each representing a step in the learning process, with a two-part numbering system. The content will progress from main topics in major increments to smaller, practice-oriented increments, gradually increasing in difficulty.

Key features:

All the steps directories (mayor and minor) should be located under a main "exercises" folder.
Structured directory system with major and minor increments
Markdown files for conceptual explanations in major steps
One Markdown file for each minor step called "README.md" with clear instructions on how to complete the exercise for this step.
One initial app.py file on each minor step, this app.py file is where the student will add the code to complete the exercise. It can be empty or pre-filled with some code that the student needs to refactor or fill.
Hidden solution files called "solution.hide.py" for each minor step, this solution file will be the successfully completed version of the app.py
Add a learn.json file at the root of the repository following LearnPack package guidelines.
The tutorial should maintain a logical progression, introducing new concepts and gradually increasing the complexity of exercises within each topic, ensuring a smooth learning curve for beginners.
Each directory for each step (major or minor) should have a name that starts with the number and followed by a slug-based title of the topic it covers.

Don't try running the tutorial in any way or any of the steps, just provide the content.

Explanations in all the steps need to be in an informal tone and using very simple words. Explain like you are talking to someone that knows little about coding.

Before asking the user to write code, explain why will that code be written.

Add at least 3 minor steps for each mayor step.

At the root of the project generate a file called "README.md" about the whole tutorial following a similar format that other LearnPack tutorials have.

Use emojies in all the README files.